>> Kent C Dodds: So let's go through
the solution here, userToJSON.
Please make sure to ask any
questions if you have any.
So I'm going to uncomment the user here.
And then I'm going to, let's pull in
that userToJSON function from the off.
And we'll say userToJSON with that user.
And we'll get the jsonUser back.
Actually, I'm gonna start with
the console.log(jsonUser),
just to make sure I'm
getting what I think I am.
I stop my tests, so I'll run npm test.
And here's a fun little trick, you can
actually add additional arguments and
that will be the rejex for
the test that you wanna run.
So I'll say, utils.*auth.todo, and
that will get me running just
the one that I want, great.
So I have, exactly what I expected to be.
So as several of you mentioned and
noticed,
there are actually several ways
that I could make these assertions.
So here's a pretty basic
way that I could do this,
I could expect the jsonUser to equal.
And actually here we'll just copy and
paste this.
It's my favorite way to write a test,
is copy, paste the console log error.
I'm just joking.
[LAUGH] But now, so the real winner
here to make sure things are working,
is to break the source code and
make sure that it can break.
And then to check on the error
message to make sure it's clear.
So userToJSON exclude secured properties.
And we expected it to look like this but
it looked like this.
And here's the difference the received
gave me back the exp value.
So this is one way I could
write this insertion.
And this actually as far as I'm concerned,
if I saw that in ci, like the test
were running in ci and something and
I saw that, I think I'd know
exactly what was going on.
I'd be able to fix that bug pretty easily.
But there's something that
we could do to communicate.
Something a little bit more to
the maintainers of this test.
And that is, we have some duplication
between these properties and
these properties.
And you could communicate
in some way to say,
it's not just happen stance that
these two things are the same.
They're actually the fact that they're the
same is an important part we're testing.
And so one thing that we could do,
we could make a safeUser.
And move the safe properties
up to that safeUser.
And then make the user be composed of the
safeUser and then these unsafe properties.
And then we could say
that the JSON is equal to
the safeUser.
>> Kent C Dodds: And
then let's go ahead and
fix this back so our test get passing.
So as somebody coming into this test,
I see this explicit relationship,
that there is this concept
of a safeUser object.
And a user is composed
of safeUser properties,
as well as these unsafe user properties.
And when I pass that, the for
user object to this userToJSON,
it gives me back just the properties
that are in the safeUser.
Did anybody fill out the feedback form,
or the elaboration, and
have something that you learned that
you'd like to share with everybody?
What was something that you learned?
Yeah.
>> Speaker 2: I'm used to Karma,
and we were actually considering JEST.
There's a lot of things here that were
missing.
>> Kent C Dodds: Great.
>> Speaker 2: Which was kinda nice.
>> Kent C Dodds: Yeah, JEST is great.
So I've given this workshop several
times and often in the feedback
on this first experience with JEST,
people will say JEST is amazing.
Cuz yeah, JEST is, it is amazing so
I'm glad you like it, that's good.
Yeah.
>> Peter: It's good to note that you have
so many different ways.
JEST gives you so many different
ways to test the shape of data.
It's good to note that can
write your test in a way
that communicates with other developers.
And have an eye for that as opposed
to just trying to make the assertion
work the way you expect it to and move on.
>> Kent C Dodds: Yeah, exactly Peter,
I think that's a really
important takeaway,
is your tests are doing more than
just passing when things are good.
They're also giving you good error
messages when things are not good.
Cuz that's when it actually really
matters, is when things are busted.
You wanna fix it, and
often you're like, this thing's busted.
We've gotta fix it really fast.
And then also in the source
code like you said, Peter,
trying to make it somehow
communicate the relationships.
Now, that said, this is logic in our test.
Sort of,
there's a tiny bit of logic going on here.
And I would shy away
from basically rewriting
your source code in your test code.
That would not be a very great idea.
Another thing that we could do
is we just copy this same stuff.
We'd say, safeUser is equal to
that user minus those properties.
And now, we've just copied
our source code in our test,
that's not something that you want to do.
But so long as the minimal amount
of logic that you're doing is
really straightforward,
not much room for error here.
And you can communicate the relationships
and that's a good way to go.